c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\WpfApp.exe.config
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\WpfApp.exe
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\WpfApp.pdb
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.g.resources
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.exe
c:\users\мария\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.pdb
C:\Users\Мария\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
C:\Users\Мария\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
C:\Users\Мария\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Мария\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Мария\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp_Content.g.cs
